Vance:This really took me far out there.
Vance:Why don’t I see anyone up here?
Unknown:That’s because our ship’s still cloaked.
Vance:That voice!
Unknown:That’s right, sweetie.
Unknown:(Ship uncloaks then Vance’s parents appear outside of it)
Vance:M-mom?! Dad?!
Vance's Dad:Hi, son.
Vance's Mom:It’s been awhile, hasn’t it?
Vance:Uh, yeah! Twenty years!
Vance:What happened to you? Where’d you go?
Vance's Mom:We had to go back home.
Vance:Home?
Vance's Dad:You see… we’re not from this planet.
Vance:Huh?
Vance's Mom:Haven’t you ever wondered why you’re the only person here with a hoverboard?
Vance:Because you two were the only ones who could make it.
Vance's Dad:Right. Well, the parts needed to make that came from our original planet.
Vance:Then why’d you come to Earth? And why’d you leave me?
Vance's Mom:Things back home aren’t great, sweetie. We left a long time ago before you were born so we could give you a happy life.
Vance's Dad:For a while, things were good, but we got a signal on the radio one day telling us we had to come back.
Vance:Why?
Vance's Dad:Well, you see, we’re actually two of the top scientists back home.
Vance's Mom:They were afraid we would share our knowledge with humanity and pose a threat to our people.
Vance's Mom:So, to prove we wouldn’t, we came back and left you behind so you could live a happy life.
Vance's Dad:We’re sorry we left without saying anything. We just didn’t know how to explain it all at the time.
Vance:I… I missed you so much!
Vance's Mom:We missed you too.
Vance's Dad:Sadly, we can’t stay for long. They allowed us to make a quick visit, but our time is almost up.
Vance:What?! But I just found you again!
Vance's Mom:We’re really sorry.
Vance's Dad:At least we can enjoy the time we have together.
Vance's Mom:We’re so happy to see the man you’ve become.
Vance:So, do I have any cool powers or extra limbs?
Vance's Dad:Ha, ha! Nothing like that. Though you do have a spare heart that will instantly replace your current one should it ever die.
Vance:That’s awesome!
Vance's Mom:Oh. The sun is going down.
Vance:Do you remember when we’d watch it from the top of the radio station?
Vance's Dad:Those were some of my favorite memories.
Vance's Mom:Whatever happened to that old place anyway?
Vance:Me and a friend of mine took it over and kept it going.
Vance's Mom:That’s wonderful!
Vance:Yeah, Tim’s great. It’s also really fun to talk to so many people over the air and hear their stories.
Vance's Dad:That’s exactly why we began our radio show.
Vance:So you could learn more about humans?
Vance's Mom:Yes. They have so many stories to share.
Vance's Mom:There was never a dull moment on the air. I really miss that.
Vance's Dad:My, would you look at the time.
Vance's Dad:It seems it’s time for us to go.
Vance:Already?
Vance:Will we ever get to see each other again?
Vance's Mom:Maybe someday. Just remember this-
Vance's Parents:We’ll always love you, and you’re always on our minds.
Unknown:(Vance’s parents board the ship and take off into the sky, represented by a scene change to a 2D art piece of the ship shooting across the night sky)
Vance:Goodbye mom, dad. I’ll miss you.
Vance:You’ll always be in my heart.